{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue10;\red216\green216\blue216;\red0\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red242\green242\blue242;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\li141\sb42\sl240\slmult1\b\f0\fs28\lang9 MD ABDUL ROUF\par

\pard\li141\sb13\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b0\fs18 Contact \b : +91-7842742877\cf0\par

\pard\li141\sb6\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b0 Email \b : rihan.rouf196@gmail.com\cf0\fs20\par

\pard\sb10\sl240\slmult1\fs11\par

\pard\fi-281\li392\sb91\sl240\slmult1\tx9813\cf1\highlight2\expndtw-28\b0\f1\fs22  \expndtw0\b\f0 Career\expndtw32  \expndtw0 Objective:\tab\cf0\highlight0\par

\pard\fi251\li141\ri569\sb44\sl244\slmult0\cf1\b0 To succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job which provides me job satisfaction and self-development and help me achieve personal as well as organizational goals.\cf0\par

\pard\sb9\sl240\slmult1\fs13\par

\pard\li112\sb59\sl240\slmult1\tx9813\cf1\highlight2\expndtw-28\f1\fs22  \expndtw0\b\f0 Skills  &\expndtw-13  \expndtw0 Experience:\tab\cf0\highlight0\par

\pard\fi454\li141\ri569\sb159\sl247\slmult0\cf1\b0 IT Professional with 4 Years of Experience in Skilled at operating in a wide range of platforms as 2 Years in Network Administrator and 2.0 Years in AWS and DevOps Engineer. Excellent written and oral communication skills.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li839\ri905\sb280\sl240\slmult1\tx840\cf0\fs24 Skilled DevOps Engineer with 2 years of experience in developing continuous integration \expndtw-6 and \expndtw0 continuous delivery pipelines using different DevOps Tools.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li839\ri339\sl240\slmult1\tx840 Good understanding of Amazon Web Services (EC2, S3, IAM, ELB, Auto-Scaling, Code Pipeline, VPC).\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-361\li839\sb1\sl240\slmult1\tx840 Managed servers on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) platform instances.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-361\li839\sb7\sl240\slmult1\tx840 Proficient in developing Continuous Integration/ Delivery pipelines.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li839\ri107\sb8\sl240\slmult1\tx840 Experience in Branching, Merging, Tagging and Maintaining the version across the environments \expndtw-4 using \expndtw0 SCM tools like GIT (GitHub).\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-361\li839\sb1\sl240\slmult1\tx840 Automation of build process (Build Automation) using the Jenkins, Maven and Git.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li839\ri407\sb8\sl240\slmult1\tx840 Expertise in using build tool like Maven for building the deployable artifacts such as war & ear \expndtw-5 from \expndtw0 source code. Application Deployments & Environment configuration using Ansible.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li839\ri600\sl240\slmult1\tx840 Having Good Experience in Integrating code Inspection tools and Code Coverage tools like  Maven builds.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-361\li839\sb1\sl240\slmult1\tx840 Strong experience in working in Linux and Windows environments.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-361\li839\sb8\sl240\slmult1\tx840 Experience of Docker image creation and docker containerization.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Experience in working with Nexus Repository Managers for Maven builds.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Experience in Configuring and deploying to Application Servers Tomcat.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Proficient in working with Ansible as a configuration management tool.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li839\ri900\sb8\sl240\slmult1\tx840 Efficient in working closely with teams to ensure high quality and timely delivery of builds \expndtw-6 and \expndtw0 releases\f1 .\par

\pard\ri900\sb8\sl240\slmult1\tx840\par

\pard\qj\cf3\highlight4\b\f0 TECHNICAL SKILLS\par

\pard\ri29\qj\cf0\highlight0\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri29\sl360\slmult1\qj\b Operating Systems\tab\b0 : Windows and Linux(Red-Hat, CentOS and Ubuntu).\fs22\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf3\b\fs24 DevOps Technologies\b0 : Ansible, Jenkins/TeamCity/Visual Studio Pipeline, GIT/Bit-Bucket/Visual Studio Online repository, Docker, Ant/Maven.\cf0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf3\b\fs24 Cloud Platforms\tab\b0 : AWS \cf0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf3\b\fs24 App & Web Servers\tab\b0 : Apache, Tomcat, AWS EC2, Vmware.\cf0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf3\b\fs24 Scripting Languages\tab\b0 : Shell Scripting.\cf0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf3\b\fs24 Build Tools\tab\tab\b0 :  Maven, Composer and PHP\cf0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf3\b\fs24 CM Tools\tab\tab\b0 : Chef and Ansible.\cf0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf3\b\fs24 Database\tab\tab\cf0\b0\fs22 : MySql.\par

\pard\ri29\sl360\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sl360\slmult1\qj\cf3\highlight4\b\fs24 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE\cf0\highlight0\b0\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\cf3\fs24 Worked in \b city online service limited (class B ISP)\b0  as Network and system Engineer at Ameerpet Hyderabad since \b DEC-2017\b0  to \b DEC-2019\cf0\b0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\fs24 Working in \b TurboHire Technologies Pvt. Ltd.\b0  As Azure DevOps engineer at Hyderabad from \b Mar-2021\b0  to \b till now\b0\par

\pard\sl360\slmult1\qj\cf3\highlight4\b EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri864\sl360\slmult1\qj\cf0\highlight0\b0 Completed \cf3\b BE(CSE) \b0 from\b  MVSR ENGINEERING Collage, Hyderabad.\cf0\b0\fs22\par

\pard\ri864\sl360\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sb60\sa60\sl288\slmult0\ul\b\fs24 Project Experience: \par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\par

\pard\sb120\sa120\sl288\slmult0\b Client\b0\tab\tab\tab :  \b Performance Food Group\par

\pard\sb60\sa60\sl288\slmult0 Role\tab\tab\tab\b0 :  \b Build and Release Engineer\par
Environment      \b0\tab :  \b GIT, Jenkins, Shell, Apache Maven, Docker, Ansible, AWS\b0 .\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\sb60\sa60\sl288\slmult0\ul\b Responsibilities:\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1 Maintain GIT Repositories, Handling Releases and Branching activities for GitHub. \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Maintain GitHub administration.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Creating and monitoring CI jobs using Jenkins.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Creating War files by using Maven.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Handle multiple builds from Development teams, Staging Teams, Production Teams create build jobs in Jenkins and perform deployment activities. \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Responsible for taking the source code and build Docker images by writing Docker files. \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Configure, deploying and installation packages through Jenkins by writing Ansible playbooks and roles.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Responsible for deploy Docker images to preproduction team by using Ansible playbooks through Jenkins.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Automate the build Process Using Jenkins jobs.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Managing Daily Builds, and Weekly Builds\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Monitoring daily builds using continuous integration tool Jenkins.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Verifying the logs if build fails.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Involved in scheduling the automated build called Nightly builds.\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\sa120\highlight5\b\fs28 Personal Information\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\qj\highlight0\b0\fs24 Nationality\tab\tab : Indian\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Date of Birth\tab\tab : 10/08/1993\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Languages Known\tab : English, Hindi, Telugu\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Permanent address\tab : 7-5-101 GADWAL 509125.\par

\pard\qj\par

\pard   I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge & belief.\par
\par
Place: Hyderabad       \tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\par
Date:12/09/2021\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\ri864\sl360\slmult1\qj\fs22\par

\pard\ri29\sl360\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\ri900\sb8\sl240\slmult1\tx840\f1\fs24\par

\pard\ri900\sl240\slmult1\tx840\par
\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\fs17\par
\par

\pard\fi454\li141\ri569\sb159\sl247\slmult0\f0\fs22\par

\pard\f2\lang1033\par
}
 